More general style improvements (#198)
jellyfin/jellyfin-docs: general/administration/reverse-proxy.md

It's possible to run Jellyfin behind another server acting as a reverse proxy.  With a reverse proxy setup, this server handles all network traffic and proxies it back to Jellyfin. This provides the benefits of using DNS names and not having to remember port numbers, as well as easier integration and management of SSL certificates.

Some popular options for reverse proxy systems are [Apache](https://httpd.apache.org/), [Haproxy](https://www.haproxy.com/), [Nginx](https://www.nginx.com/), [Caddy](https://caddyserver.com/) and [Traefik](https://traefik.io/).

> [!WARNING]

> > In order for a reverse proxy to have the maximum benefit, you should have a publically routable IP address and a domain with DNS set up correctly.  These examples assume you want to run Jellyfin under a sub-domain (ie: jellyfin.example.com), but are easily adapted for the root domain if desired. Running Jellyfin in a subpath (example.com/jellyfin/) is supported by the Android and web clients.

Reviewer: This warning should have its own warning about the dangers of Paths lol. Sonarr/Radarr API breaking and all that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In order for a reverse proxy to have the maximum benefit, you should have a publically routable IP address and a domain with DNS set up correctly.  These examples assume you want to run Jellyfin under a sub-domain (ie: jellyfin.example.com), but are easily adapted for the root domain if desired. Running Jellyfin in a Path (example.com/jellyfin/) is supported by the Android and web clients. Sonarr and Radarr currently do not support Path's and will their API's will fail to communicate with Jellyfin.
```
